2Darray1 hint - scan a 2D array and print the sum of it's row and column which is maximum along with index that denotes the day and person respectively.
2Darray2 hint - follow the instructions mentioned in code and write the loop conditions.
2Darray3 hint - follow the instructions mentioned in code and write the loop conditions.
array1 hint - the required data structure is array. Complete the for loop conditions.
array2 hint - follow the instructions mentioned in code.
array3 hint - print the array in ascending order. Perform sorting.
array4 hint - append array and then sort it.
datatypes1 hint - use the int tyoe that takes only positive values.
datatypes2 hint - use the datatype that is used to print decimal values.
datatypes3 hint - use the datatype that is used to print larger decimal values.
datatypes4 hint - perform type cast.
DMA hint - use malloc
DMA1 hint - allocate memory to ptr. Free the allocated memory at the end.
DMA2 hint - use realloc. Free at the end.
enum1 hint - follow the steps mentioned in code.
enum2 hint - number corresponds to the switch as well the number of the month.
enum3 hint - use basic enum knowledge to solve this. Use any suitable trick.
files1 hint - follow the instructions mentioned in code.
files2 hint - follow the instructions mentioned in code.
files3 hint - follow the instructions mentioned in code.
function1 hint - use a flag that detects whether 90 is there in the array.
function2 hint - print fibonacci series
loop1 hint - follow the instructions mentioned in code.
loop2 hint - follow the instructions mentioned in code.
macro1 hint - write the swap function as macro1.
macro2 hint - write the formula of finding area of a triangle as macro.
pointer1 hint - watch the program carefully.
pointer2 hint - fix errors that shown in terminal.
pointer3 hint - use the concept of pointers along with memory allocation for string arrays.
string1 hint - use strlen the inbuilt function also write it using for loop.
string2 hint - change the '?' with required code.
string3 hint - use inbuilt string function. Remember to add the header file.
string4 hint -  use inbuilt functions to compare the sequence and print message of their shared ancestery accordingly
string5 hint - use the concept of finding words in a string array.
string6 hint - use concept of deletion and addition of strings.
structure1 hint - follow the instructions mentioned in code.
structure2 hint - using pointers solve structure1.
structure3 hint - use the concept of passing structure as function parameter.
variable1 hint - use concepts of naming variables in C.
variable2 hint - use your knowledge in C language to solve it.